hello and welcome to the sale of this
Yamaha why is that fr1 this one's on a
fifty-five plate in the larva read as
you can see this is covered just over
7,000 miles I will see the Dahmer to
reading in a minute very very near new
tire on the rear front as well I believe
if not it's got near new wear on it
extras are the tale tidy as you can see
little bits like as a carbon cover on
the top of this yoke and some bar ends
that say r1 and I think that stands out
too much everything works as it should
do you see the double bubble screen
there as well this this bike is really
clean especially for the year these are
all wood but getting a little older now
I've got to look around this one and
it's exceptionally clean apart from one
mark that I can find which is on the
front he might just see in the Vedas a
slight crack at the top to be honest are
probably being kind if it's not sold
before I get a chance to just for the
tiniest bit of filler in that and put
the paint over the top and that
disappeared pretty easily so nothing
nothing amazing but worth mentioning of
course now this one also comes with the
data tool system floor alarm deactivate
it so you can see it start up okay okay
which lights in the way bit those and it
shone 7088 at this home this video she
will give it a quick start
very quick response there there we go
yeah these don't forget these have a
quite a quick for a response I'm
generally deal with a lot of naked yeah
just goes to show what a motive this
thing has on it not much else to say
about the bike it is what it is but if
you have any other question is anything
I've not covered please feel free to ask
my contact details should appear at the
bottom the screen about now all of our
bikes are advertised on eBay on
classified listings and the walk-around
is just so you can hear my voice and
have a look at the bike the actual bike
that you're looking to potentially buy
make sure everything works as it should
you can hear the alarm resetting itself
there now there we go I hope the video
has been of some use and thank you for
watching